hi and thanks for watching this is a
review of the ipad 3g the ipad is a
great product it has so many features
combined into a thin 9.7 inch screen
with over 250,000 apps you can do almost
anything on the new ipad there's a
couple apps that i want to talk about
today that i really think that every
ipad owners should have starting with
the dropbox app the next one is the new
york times app the google app the iBooks
app the ABC player the netflix app
teamviewer e-print free Pandora Shazam
and skype now i'll go into all these
apps in more detail the dropbox app
right here is a synchronization app
that's using dropbox com product which
syncs your files from your computer to
your ipad to other devices such as ipods
and iphones the next staff is the new
york times app called editor's choice
this is a great app it is all the latest
news combined into a couple of tabs
right here at the bottom the nice thing
about this app is that unlike a paper is
constantly being updated the google app
you can speak to so i could say San
Francisco apple store and it would
search the San Francisco apple store
among many other features of this app
you can get quick links to everything
all the different products Google's
offers so just gmail gmail calendar talk
books photos translating youtube maps
earth it goes on and on these are quick
links that automatically open up the web
lights the next one is I books I books
unfortunately didn't come pre-loaded on
the iPad so you have to get it from the
App Store this allows you access to the
iBook store where you can purchase
thousands of different books the neck
snap that I want to talk about is the
ABC player which is great when you're on
the go and you want to watch TV shows
that you missed one of the downsides to
this app is unfortunately you really
need to have the unlimited data plan if
you purchase your iPad prior to jun 7
2010 i say this because this app streams
like an hour's worth of a show so you're
going to need to have a data plan that
accommodates that many megabits if you
don't have an unlimited data plan just
use Wi-Fi like i'm using in the top left
the next app is netflix if you already
pay for netflix the cheapest plan is
nine dollars a month this app is free so
you just sign in and part of your nine
dollars from subscription allows you to
watch from your TV computer or a laptop
or this the iPad also that gives you one
DVD at a time in the mail for nine
dollars watching unlimited movies on the
go it's great when you're traveling the
next step is the team viewer app which
is made for the ipad but unfortunately
you have to hold it like this this
allows you to log in to your computer
using an ID and password and be able to
remote control it another app is e-print
free this was made just for the iphone
so you're going to have to tilt it and
in this app when you're connected to
Wi-Fi you can access all the wireless
printers or network printers connected
to that Network and be able to print
instantly so it's great when you just
enter like your home you can print your
printers or if you go to your work you
can also print there
staff is Pandora Pandora internet music
radio and you can sign up for an account
and then you'll be able to type an
artist strong composer and we'll play
that song or composers music and also
genres like it the second the last step
is shazam shazamicon for a couple years
now and all you have to do is you tap it
and it will listen to what you're
playing and then it will tell you what
song it is the last step is Skype Skype
is a great app they haven't made it yet
for the ipad but you can use the iphone
version you can literally type a number
into here and call it using the
microphone and speaker at the bottom
that includes the must-have apps
you